Amending Rule 4, Permanent Removal. (#73)
cmss13-devs/web: rules.md

- Shooting up medbay at round start.
- Deliberately OBing the marine frontline.

## Permanent Removal

> - Permanently removing a player from the round by using brute force is considered as griefing, even if they are belong to a hostile faction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permanently removing a player from the round by using brute force, or preventing them from being treated, is considered as griefing, even if they belong to a hostile faction. 
```

> - Permanently removing a player from the round by using brute force, or preventing them from being treated, is considered as griefing, even if they belong to a hostile faction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permanently removing a player from the round by using brute force, or preventing them from being treated, is considered as griefing, even if they belong to a hostile faction. 
- It is not considered griefing to ignore dead hostiles, only to take action to prevent them being treated.
```
